All Star Scanner Privacy Policy

The currently small sole proprietorship called “Al-Ahramat” is the first step towards improving the world and helping people. We live with heart and conviction and want to be able to go through life with our chests held high through our contributions (such as with this app), which is why we set a very high moral standard that we always strive to live up to!

Apart from the obligation, it is very important to us to educate and inform the user about everything regarding the use of their data. To be precise, as programmers of the app, we do not use any information about the user and have not programmed anything in the app's code that stores their information on a server or sends it to us. If it turns out to be possible to make the code of this smartphone app “open source” so that the user can read it and see for themselves, we will be happy to do so (assuming it doesn’t harm us). This is one of the standards we set for ourselves! Now let's move on to external services that are involved in this smartphone app.

1. API's

This app uses API databases from external providers to scan barcodes. Since there is no registration with private user data within the app as a whole, no private data on your part will be passed on when you call the API.


2. E-Mail Service's

On the “Missing Ingredients?” page, the user has the opportunity to write us an email about improvements or other things. Here the user is now redirected to his native email client so that we do not collect any of the user's data at all. Only his trusted email provider is but this has nothing to do with us.


3. Advertising by Google Admob

We use advertising on this app provided by Google Admob. Here too, Google's data protection regulations apply, which the user can read using the following link. However, the app basically asks which settings the user agrees with and which they don't, so that the user can specify everything individually in the app: https://support.google.com/admob/answer/10113106
